[Music]
what's it just generally like spending
so much time on the same team with so
many of the league's top players
opportunity to learn different things
from different players I learned a lot
from communicating with Kobe Bryant
throughout and 2012 in London just
learning different things about the game
and you know just picking this brain a
little bit and the Kobe is obviously
somebody that spoken highly of you on a
number of occasions including just
recently being you know quoted kind of
speaking your praise was there a
takeaway that you had from those
conversations with him that's really
stuck with you just a respect factor man
just I just respect you know everything
that he's you know coming kind of done
and when it comes to basketball he's put
herself in position where there's
probably there's no one that can be like
him you know you get these athletes
they're gifted LeBron Kobe there's a lot
of hard work that goes into it to go
from good to great and that's what Kobe
has done LeBron has done Michael Jordan
set that bar and as youth everybody
knows that was a lot of hard work that
went into that and so like Kobe you know
he pretty much used that MJ blueprint in
order to be Kobe Bryant he's everywhere
he's a great player actually he develop
into a great player I first played
against him when he was like 19 years
old when he first came in alley and you
know but you know he says like Michael
Jordan but a couple years earlier